Countdown (10:41) (would have been way shorter if I didn't try to skimp the first pass...)

Our countdown to launch isn't behaving as expected. Why? Change the code so that our program successfully counts down from 10 to 1.


def decrease(counter)
  counter -= 1
end

counter = 10

10.times do
  puts counter
  decrease(counter)
end

puts 'LAUNCH!'


Local variable `counter` is initialized pointing to an integer object with the value `10`.
On line 14, within the `times` method is called on the integer object with the value of `10`. The `do..end` block is defined one lines 12 to 15. The `puts` method is called, passing in the value referenced by `counter` to output the string representation of the current `counter` value. 

The `decrease` method is called on line 14, passing in the value referenced by `counter` (integer object with the value of `10`) in place of the method parameter `counter`. In an attempt to mutate an immutable object (integer object), a new integer object is returned from the method, and the top level local variable `counter` is not changed; therefore, the integer value of local variable `counter` will never decrease. Each iteration of the `times` method will produce the output of `10`.

Fix:
Instead of calling the `decrease` method, change that line of code to calling the `-` method just like on line 7. 

Here is the updated code:

counter = 10

counter.times do
  puts counter
  counter -= 1
end

puts 'LAUNCH!'

This code demonstrates the concept of mutating vs non-mutating methods, and the pass-by-value object passing strategy. 
Some methods (mutating methods) change the value or state of an object in their address space. Others (non-mutating methods) do not, they instead reassign a variable pointing to a completely different address space or return a new object that can be assigned to a variable.
When performing a method call/method invocation, and one or more arguments passed into a method are not altered permanently, it is a non-mutating method. Similarly, when an object or referenced object used to call a method is not mutated (i.e.: `String#upcase` does not modify the original string object, it copies the original object, mutates the copy by converting the value to uppercase and returns a reference to the new string object), it is a non-mutating method call.

This code demonstrates the concept of pass-by-value. Ruby appears to act like pass-by-value when working with immutable objects and reassignment within a method. When an object is copied before being passed around (i.e.: passing the copied object into a method as an argument), this is referred to as a language using a pass-by-value object passing strategy. Because the object or objects passed in are only copies of the original object, there is no way for the method to mutate (modify) the original object.