HEY YOU! (9:05 mins)

***WRONG REASON FOR NOT WORKING*** This is the correct reason - The `map` method is called on a collection taking a block as an argument. During each iteration, the current elements value is passed into the block and assigned to the block parameter. The code is then executed for each iteration. `map` always performs transformation via the return value of the block during each iteration. The return value of the block is the evaluated result of the last line executed, which is placed into a new collection. When the `map` method has completed iterating, the new collection is returned.



String#upcase! is a destructive method, so why does this code print HEY you instead of HEY YOU? Modify the code so that it produces the expected output.


def shout_out_to(name)
  name.chars.each { |c| c.upcase! }

  puts 'HEY ' + name
end

shout_out_to('you') # expected: 'HEY YOU'

-----

Even though the destructive method of `upcase!` is being called. The `each` method is called on the return value of the `chars` method call. `each` always returns its caller and ignores block return values, so each return value from `each` is still the lowercase string object originally passed in.

Using `map` instead would create an array of uppercased letters. The return value of each block is added to a new array, and `map` returns the new array once iteration is completed. Chaining on a `join` on the end of the `map` call will rejoin the array elements into a single string object which is then used during concatenation on line 9.

def shout_out_to(name)
  name = name.chars.map { |c| c.upcase! }.join

  puts 'HEY ' + name
end

shout_out_to('you') # expected: 'HEY YOU'

This code demonstrates the concept of pass-by-reference, iteration and transformation via the `map` method and mutating methods.

The `map` method is called on a collection taking a block as an argument. During each iteration, the current elements value is passed into the block and assigned to the block parameter. The code is then executed for each iteration. `map` always performs transformation via the return value of the block during each iteration. The return value of the block is the evaluated result of the last line executed, which is placed into a new collection. When the `map` method has completed iterating, the new collection is returned.

Ruby appears to act like pass-by-reference when working with mutable objects. When a reference to an object is passed into a method, and the method local variable aliased to that reference is not reassigned to a new object, thus returning the original (mutated) object from the method, this is referred as pass-by-reference with the language using a pass-by-reference object passing strategy.

Some methods (mutating methods) change the value or state of an object in their address space. Others (non-mutating methods) do not, they instead reassign a variable pointing to a completely different address space or return a new object that can be assigned to a variable. 
When performing a method call/method invocation, and one or more arguments passed into a method are altered permanently, you are Mutating the argument. Similarly, when an object or referenced object is used to call a method is mutated (i.e.: `array.pop` permanently alters `array` by removing the last element from the array), you are Mutating the caller.
